The emu
emus are a kind of birth that does not fly.
Kangaroo are kind of , can jump very far. The baby live in a pouch.
Feather is a part of bird. Birds have hundred of feather on their body which keep them warm.
When we want to eat a bird, we have to take all the feather out first. Otherwise, it wouldn't taste very nice.
We can put the feather inside pillow or coat to make them warmer.
Spirit is like a ghost. In some cultures, they believe that the spirit live inside us.
Desert is the place where it is very dry and there is only sand.
Shelter í the building that keep you save and warm. If your outside start raining, You could find the shelter under the tree or a bus stop.
Scratch is when you do this ..., ... You move your nail again something. You might scratch yourself because you are itchy.
Hole is an empty space in something.
Thorn is a sharp bit of wood that grow on some plants.
Rub
Twig


Once the was an emu call Dinewan.
Dinewan had very beautiful feathers on her neck and her feet were beautiful too.
One day Bora the kangaroo asked Dinawan the emu to marry him.
Dinewan was very happy and said yes
Bora was clever and strong kangaroo. People said that Bora has magic.
His spirit could leave his body and walk around.
Who wouldn't want to husband like that.
The day after Bora and Dinewan got married, they went to walk in the desert.
Dinewan walked and Bora jumped because Kangaroo jump.
Emus dont jump but they can jump very fast.
So Dinewan thought they were going very slowly.
They had to walk slowly all day. But that the end of the day, Dinewan was bored.
"We should make a shelter for the night" said Bora. It would be cold.
Alright, but Dinewan did not help Bora make the shelter.
The emu ran and played when the kangaroo worked.
When the shelter was ready, They lay down to go to sleep.
Bora quickly slept but Dinewan was bored, she couldn't sleep.
The shelter was small and she can put her feed on the sealing.
She put her feet up on the sealing and started scratching.
"Scratch .. scratch...". Dinewan scratched the hole on the sealing.
She scratch another hole. She could see the moon. She scratched more holes,
now she could see all the start.
I wake up because you scratch so many holes in the sealing.
Go and fill the hole with grass, I cant sleep with all this light.
But we are in the desert. There's so little grass here.
Fine, I'll go with you. They walked through the desert and looked for grass.
Dinewan hope that Bora would get tired and go to sleep. Dinewan walked through many plants that had thorn in them.
The thorn went into Dinawan neck and they hurt a lot.
So Dinewan rub her neck together.
She rub the neck to get the thorns out. But she couldn't see in the dark, She rub very hard.
You rubbed too hard, and now your feathers are gone.
All of beautiful feathers on Dinewan legs had fallen off.
Those thorm took my feathers.
Dinewan was sad so she walked faster. but It was dark, she walked on lots of twigs.
The twig hurt alot. The twigs stayed in Dinewan feet.
So Dinawan rubbed her feet together.
She rubbed very hard.
You rubbed too hard and now your feet have grown bigger.
Dinewan rubbed too hard and now her feet was very big.








