Once there was a pea pod.
The pea pod grew on a long pea plant.
One day, when it was harvest time, the farmer come and cut the pea plant.
The pea pod fall down and the pod opened, three peas inside woke up.
"The world is so big" said the first pea.
"The world is so beautiful" said the second pea.
"Oh, I'm scared" said the third pea.
"The world is too big and beautiful, I want to sleep in my pod".
When thw wind blew and talked to the pea.
"Peas, peas, I can carry you" said the wind.
"I can take you to interesting places, where do you want to go".
" I want to go to the sun" said the first pea.
Then the wind blew the pea up into the sky.
The pea flew through the cloud, the pea flew into the stars.
The pea saw the world, and it was amazing.
But the pea got closed to the sun and it was hot. It was to hot for the pea.
"Oh kind-headed wind, I think I want to go".
Bang. And the pea was gone.
The wind blew back down to the pea pod and spoke to the second pea.
" I had taken your friend to the sun". It said.
" Now where do you want to go"
" I want to be a queen" said the second pea.
So the wind blew the pea to a castle.
The pea flew onto a queen's chair.
The pea watched all the people. and said "I'm the queen"
The real queen came and sat down and the real queen was much bigger than the pea.
And the pea was gone.
The wind blew again and went back to third pea.
"Where do you want to go" it asked.
"Maybe to a bottom of the sea".
" I dont want to see the sun or starts, I dont want to be a queen, I just want to help people, take me somewhere where I can help".
" Very well"
So the wind blew the pea into a house. The pea flew into a crack by the window.
The pea didn't understand why the wind had taken it to the crack.
How could it help in this place.
Then the pea heard people talking inside the house.
There was a boy in the bed and his mother and doctor were standing beside the bed.
The boy was very ill.
"he isn't getting better" said the doctor.
"he need the reason to live, give him something interesting, something that make him want to live".
" Maybe some books or draw".
"I cant afford it"
"It already hard for me to afford his food and medicine. I cant afford books, paper and pens as well".
"Well, good luck" the doctor left and the mother look very sad.
The pea felt her sadness, but it didn't know how it could help.
For a few weeks, the pea slept. It dream about the boy, sometimes It rain on a pea.
The pea knew it couldn't help and it felt bad about it. All it wanted to do was sleep.
Then one day something changes. All that rain had done something to the pea.
The pea felt changes. It hurt a little but in a good way. The pea wanted to move, but it couldn't move.
It just a pea. It try, try to move to grow and then. Suddenly, the pea was not just a pea.
It was a plant, it could move and grow. It was excited to see what it would become.
It had made a little home in the crack.
Now it was going to be a beautiful something.
"Look mom, there's a plant growing in this crack".
"That me" thought the pea, and the boy love the pea plant.
He sat by it all day, When the birds try to eat it, he shoo them away.
When it wasn't rain, the boy watter the pea plant.
And slowly the boy started to get better.
The mother and doctor were very happy.
The boy got tired of always shooing the birds away.
So he put cardboard around the plant to keep the birds away.
He went and got fresh clean watter and watter the plant every day.
When any of the leaves went brown, he took away all the brown leaves.
Sometimes, the mom try to look at the plant. And he shoo her away.
Mom go away you're taking the pea's light.
Now the little pea who wanted to help people was just a small pod of the plant.
The pea was going old and tired. The plant was big now and soon It would be time to harvest it.
The boy's mother got a bowl and said " Go and harvest the pea, we will have a pea soup for diner"
The boy took the pea pod on the plant. When he opened the pods, He saw there were not the normal peas inside.
The peas were shaped like hearts. He show her the peas, the peas are shaped like heart.
I love that kind-hearted pea plant. And kind-hearted pea plant love me as well.
I dont think I can eat these peas. They're too special.
They didnt cook the heart shaped peas. They went in to garden and planted the peas in the grown.
Just like before, the boy look after the plant.
He shoo away the birds and watter the plant every day.
The plant grew big and strong, and the boy did as well.
Of course, the plant grow much better in the garden than in the crack y the window.
But it was the boy love and the help of the kind- hearted pea that make the garden so special.
Every peas that grew there, were shaped like heart. And people began to be interested in them.
When the boy's mother was old and couldn't work, she started selling the peas.
The boy and his mother were never rick but they could always afford what they needed.



